Add EIP-6051: Private Key Encapsulation (#6051)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-6051.md

---
eip: 6051
title: Private Key Encapsulation
description: defines a specification for encapsulating private keys.
author: Base Labs (@Base-Labs), Weiji Guo (@weiji-cryptonatty)
discussions-to: https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/private-key-encapsulation-to-move-around-securely-without-entering-seed/11604
status: Draft
type: Standards Track

> category: ERC

Reviewer: This seems an `Interface` category

Author: I double checked eip-1 for `Interface` use. I don't think this should be an `Interface` category. The requests are optional for wallet applications. It does _not_ require _all_ wallet applications to implement. Also, EIP-5630 uses `ERC` category as well, while it also provides eth_ api additions like `eth_getEncryptionPublicKey ` and `eth_decrypt `.

created: 2022-11-21
---

## Abstract

> This EIP proposes a mechanism to encapsulate a private key so that it could be securely relocated to another application without providing the seed. This EIP combines `ECIES` and optional signature verification under various choices to ensure that the private key is encapsulated to a known or trusted party.

Reviewer: [Editorial] Suggest spell out `ECIES` what it's abbreviated for and provide relevant brief explanation

Author: added

2.  Ephemeral recipient key pair  `(r, R)`  such that `R = [r]G`. `G` denotes the base point of the elliptic curve, and `[r]G` denotes the scalar multiplication. Optionally, `R` could be signed, and `signerPubKey` and `signature` are then provided for sender to verify if `R`  could be trusted or not.
3.  Ephemeral sender key pair  `(s, S)`  such that `S = [s]G`.
4.  Share secret  `ss := [s]R = [r]S` according to ECDH. Note that for secp256k1 this EIP follows RFC5903 and uses compact representation, which means to use *only* the `x` coordinate as the shared secret. For Curve25519 this EIP follows RFC7748.
5.  `oob`, out of band data, optional. This could be digits or an alpha-numeric string entered by user.
6.  Let  `derivedKey  :=  HKDF(hash=SHA256, ikm=ss, info=oob,  salt,  length)`. HKDF is defined in RFC5869. The  `length`  should be determined by  `skey`  and  `IV`  requirements such that the symmetric key  `skey  = derivedKey[0:keySize]`, and  `IV  = derivedKey[keySize:length]`.  `keySize`  denotes the key size of underlying symmetric algorithm, for example, 16 (bytes) for AES-128, and 32 (bytes) for Chacha20. See **Security Considerations** for the use of  `salt`.

> 7.  `cipher  := authenticated_cncryption(symAlg,  skey,  IV, data=sk)`. The symmetric cipher algorithm `symAlg` and authentication scheme are decided by the version parameter. No additional authentication data `aad` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7.  `cipher  := authenticated_encryption(symAlg,  skey,  IV, data=sk)`. The symmetric cipher algorithm `symAlg` and authentication scheme are decided by the version parameter. No additional authentication data `aad` is used.
```

1.  Recipient application generates  `(r, R)`.
2.  User inputs  `R`  to Sender application, along with a six-digit code “123456” as  `oob`.
3.  Sender application generates  `(s, S)`, and computes  `cipher`, then returns `S || cipher`
4.  Recipient application scans to read  `S`  and  `cipher`. User enters “123456” as  `oob`  to Recipient application.
5.  Recipient application decrypts  `cipher`  to get  `sk`.
6.  Recipient application derives the address corresponding to  `sk`  so that user can confirm the correctness.

With signature and verification, the signature to `R` by `singerPubKey` is appended to `R`. `signerPubKey` itself could have been already signed by `trustedPubKey`, and that signature is appended to `signerPubKey`. Note that the signature is applied to the byte array data instead of its string representation, which might lead to confusion and interoperability issues (such as hex or base64, lower case v.s. upper case, etc.). See **Requests** and **Test Cases** for further clarification and examples.

### Requests
#### R1. Request for Recipient to generate ephemeral key pair

```javascript
request({
	method: 'eth_generateEphemeralKeyPair',

> 	params: [version, signerPubKey],

Reviewer: Specify the length of version and signerPubKey here or mention it will be specified below.

Author: moved "Encoding of data and message" prior to "Requests".

})
```

> 

Reviewer: Suggest putting in the response format here

Author: Added. The `Requests` here are calls to window.ethereum object and then gets a return value as in a javascript function call:

```javascript
window.ethereum.request({
	method: 'eth_generateEphemeralKeyPair',
	params: [version, signerPubKey],
})
// expected return value: R
```

Author: Also the test vectors shall clarify further.

---
eip: 6051
title: Private Key Encapsulation
description: defines a specification for encapsulating private keys.
author: Base Labs (@Base-Labs), Weiji Guo (@weiji-cryptonatty)
discussions-to: https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/private-key-encapsulation-to-move-around-securely-without-entering-seed/11604
status: Draft
type: Standards Track
category: ERC
created: 2022-11-21
---

## Abstract

> This EIP proposes a mechanism to encapsulate a private key so that it could be securely relocated to another application without providing the seed. This EIP combines `ECIES` (Elliptic Curve Integrated Encryption Scheme) and optional signature verification under various choices to ensure that the private key is encapsulated to a known or trusted party.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This EIP proposes a mechanism to encapsulate a private key so that it could be securely relocated to another application without providing the seed. This EIP combines `ECIES` (Elliptic Curve Integrated Encryption Scheme) and optional signature verification under various choices to ensure that the private key is encapsulated by a known or trusted party.
```

Author: I was just suggest to use `for` here. It looks like using `by` will give people an impression that the known or trusted party executes the action of the encapsulation.

## Motivation

> There are various cases that we might want to export one of many private keys from a much securer but less convenient wallet, which is controlled with a seed or pass phrase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are various cases in which we might want to export one of many private keys from a much more secure but less convenient wallet, which is controlled with a seed or passphrase.
```

> 1.  We might dedicate one of many private keys for messaging purpose, and that private key is probably managed in a not-so-secure manner;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  We might dedicate one of many private keys for messaging purposes, and that private key is probably managed in a not-so-secure manner;
```

> 2.  We might want to export one of many private keys from a hardware wallet, and split it with MPC technology so that a 3rd party service could help us identify potential frauds or known bad addresses, enforce 2FA, etc., meanwhile we can initiate transactions from a mobile device with much better UX and without carrying a hardware wallet.

Author: Reviewing the motivation, however, it seems in this exact case we may have alternative request to R2 and R3, that is, each party $P_i$ in a MPC setting may generate its own ephemeral key pair $(r_i, R_i)$, and then Sender application may safely split `sk` safely into several pieces $sk_i$, then encapsulate each $sk_i$ to $R_i$. This effectively replaces the usual Distributed Key Generation procedure in a typical MPC protocol. 

To be fair, this may be added as an amendment to EIP-6051. I need to survey MPC protocols to see if the above suggestions work in their security models.

In both cases, it is safer not to provide the seed which controls the whole wallet and might contains many addresses in multiple chains.

> This EIP aims to enable such use cases.

Reviewer: So far Motivation is good enough for merge as a `Draft`.

Down the road, I think this EIP could still benefit a more thorough and elaborate demonstrated of use cases. Such as the scenarios when a cold wallet exports some private keys and to which third party. This helps reader understand the security model this EIP tries to address.

## Specification

### Sender and Recipient

> Sender is the party who has the private key to be encapsulated. Sender application is what Sender uses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hereby define:
- *Sender* as the party who holds in custody the private key to be encapsulated. *Sender Application* as the client-side application that said Sender uses.
```

Author: Many thanks for the very careful, very detailed review, and revision suggestions! @xinbenlv

> Recipient is the party who accepts the encapsulated private key, unwrap and then use it. Recipient application is what Recipient uses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Recipient* as the party who accepts the encapsulated private key, unwrap and then use it. *Recipient Application* as the client-side application that Recipient uses to receive the encapsulated private key.
```

### Core Algorithms

> The basic idea is to encapsulate the private key with ECIES. To ensure that the ephemeral public key to encapsulate the private key to is indeed generated from a trusted party and has not been tampered with, an option is provided to sign that ephemeral public key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The basic idea is to encapsulate the private key with ECIES. To ensure that the ephemeral public key to encapsulate the private key is indeed generated from a trusted party and has not been tampered with, we also provided an option to sign that ephemeral public key in this protocol.
```

> There should be a mandatory  `version`  parameter. This allows various kinds of Key Encapsulation Mechanisms to be adopted depending on the security considerations or preference. The list shall be short to minimize compatibility issues among different vendors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There should be a mandatory  `version`  parameter. This allows various kinds of Key Encapsulation Mechanisms to be adopted depending on the security considerations or preferences. The list shall be short to minimize compatibility issues among different vendors.
```

> In addition to `version` string, parameters, involved keys and functions include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to a `version` parameter, the following keys and functions are involved:
```

1.  Sender private key  `sk`, to be encapsulated to recipient, and the corresponding address `account`.

> 2.  Ephemeral recipient key pair  `(r, R)`  such that `R = [r]G`. `G` denotes the base point of the elliptic curve, and `[r]G` denotes the scalar multiplication. Optionally, `R` could be signed, and `signerPubKey` and `signature` are then provided for sender to verify if `R`  could be trusted or not.

Author: Good catch. Fixed and a commit pushed.

### Requests

#### Encoding of data and messages

- Raw bytes are encoded in hex and prefixed with '0x'.
- Unless specified otherwise, all parameters and return values are hex-encoded bytes.
- `cipher`  is encoded into single byte buffer as: `[IV  || encrypted_sk || tag]`.
- `R`, `S`, `signerPubKey` and `trustedPubKey` are compressed if applicable.
- `R` or `signerPubKey` could be followed by a signature to it: `[pub || sig]`. Note that for the secp256k1 curve, the signature is just 64 bytes without the `v` indicator as found in a typical Ethereum signature.

#### R1. Request for Recipient to generate ephemeral key pair

```javascript
request({
	method: 'eth_generateEphemeralKeyPair',
	params: [version, signerPubKey],
})
// expected return value: R
```

> `signerPubKey`  is optional. If provided, it is assumed that the implementation has the corresponding private key and the implementation MUST sign the ephemeral public key (in the form of what is to be returned). The signature algorithm is determined by the curve part of the  `version`  parameter, that is, ECDSA for secp256k1, and Ed25519 for Curve25519. And in this situation, it should be the case that the sender trusts  `signerPubKey`, no matter how this trust is maintained. If not, next request WILL be rejected by Sender application. Also see **Security Considerations**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`signerPubKey`  is optional. If provided, it is assumed that the implementation has the corresponding private key and the implementation MUST sign the ephemeral public key (in the form of what is to be returned). The signature algorithm is determined by the curve part of the  `version`  parameter, that is, ECDSA for secp256k1, and Ed25519 for Curve25519. And in this situation, it should be the case that the sender trusts  `signerPubKey`, no matter how this trust is maintained. If not, the next request WILL be rejected by Sender application. Also see **Security Considerations**.
```

Returned value is `R`, compressed if applicable. If  `signerPubKey`  is provided, then the `signature` is appended to `R`, also hex-encoded.

Alternatively, `signature` could be calculated separately, and then appended to the returned data.

#### R2. Request for Sender to encapsulate the private key

```javascript
request({
	method: 'eth_encapsulatePrivateKey',
	params: [
		version,
		recipient, // public key, may be followed by its signature, see signerPubKey
		signerPubKey,
		oob,
		salt,
		account
	],
})
// expected return value: S || cipher
```

`recipient`  is the return value from the call to generate ephemeral key pair, with optional `signature` appended either as returned or separately.

`oob`  and  `salt`  are just byte arrays.

`account`  is used to identify which private key to be encapsulated. With Ethereum it is an address. Also see **Encoding of data and messages**.

> If  `signerPubKey`  is provided or  `recipient`  contains `signature` data, the implementation MUST perform signature verification. Missing data or incorrect format etc. SHALL fail the call and result in empty return and optional error logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If  `signerPubKey`  is provided or  `recipient`  contains `signature` data, the implementation MUST perform signature verification. Missing data or incorrect format etc. SHALL fail the call and result in empty return and optional error logs.
```
```suggestion
If  `signerPubKey`  is provided or  `recipient`  contains `signature` data, the implementation MUST perform signature verification. Missing data or incorrect format MUST either fail the call or result in empty return and optional error logs.
```

I am not sure if "SHALL fail the call or return error with error logs" is logically sound here. Changing "MUST either fail the call, or return empty with error logs"

Author: Good catch.

`signerPubKey` could have been further signed by another key pair `(trusted, trustedPubKey)`, which is trusted by the Sender application. In that case, `signerPubKey` is appended with the corresponding signature data, which SHOULD be verified against `trustedPubKey`. See **Test Cases** for further clarification.

The implementation shall then proceed to retrieve the private key `sk` corresponding to  `account`, and follow the **Core Algorithms** to encrypt it.

The return data is a byte array which contains first the ephemeral sender public key `S` (compressed if applicable), then `cipher` including any authentication tag, that is, `S || cipher`.

> #### R3. Request for Recipient to unwrap and intake the private key

Reviewer: For R3, in your typical use case, who is the "requester" and who is the "responder", and is the communication channel between them considered "secured?

Author: You may think of it as a function call. All requests here (R1, R2, R3) are supposed to be called within a web page:

```javascript
window.ethereum.request){
...})
```

Wallets like MetaMask, Tally Ho  or any WalletConnect apps could be called up to process the request (I am not pretty sure about WalletConnect). A hardware/cold wallet may be working behind, connected in a secure manner.

Author: Regarding the security or threat model, we need to prevent a malicious party from intercepting or tampering with the Recipient public key `R`, therefore the Sender application may reject the request R2 if no signature is provided, or not provided as expected (`signerPubKey` is not signed by `trustedPubKey`, just for example). But signature is not mandatory. And the intention is to provide implementation flexibility. For example, a messaging application as Recipient may not have a proper signature, in such cases, it is expected that the private key being encapsulated is dedicated for messaging purposes.

It is possible that Sender application (under attacker's control) provides a 'fake' or 'wrong' private key in R2, but then in R3 user will find out by checking out the returned address of the intake key. A private key installed by attacker may be used to decrypt confidential information or steal funds. This is unlikely, though, as if Sender application is already under attacker's control, user funds have already been compromised.

When the encapsulated private key `sk` is decrypted successfully, the implementation can process it further according to the designated purposes. Some general security guidelines SHALL be followed, for example, do  *not*  log the value, do securely wipe it after use, etc.

The return value is the corresponding Ethereum address for `sk`, or empty if any error.

### Options and Parameters

Available elliptic curves are:

-   secp256k1 (mandatory)
-   Curve25519

Available authenticated encryption schemes are:

-   AES-128-GCM (mandatory)
-   AES-256-GCM
-   Chacha20-Poly1305

Version string is simply concatenation of elliptic curve and AE scheme, for example, secp256k1-AES-128-GCM. Above lists allows a combination of six different concrete schemes. Implementations are encouraged to implement curve related logic separately from authenticated encryption scheme to avoid duplication and to promote interoperability.

Signature algorithms for each curve is:

-   secp256k1 --> ECDSA
-   Curve25519 --> Ed25519

## Rationale

> A crucial difference of this [EIP-6051](./eip-6051.md) with [EIP-5630](./eip-5630.md) is that, as the purpose of key encapsulation is to transport private key securely, the public key from the key-recipient should be ephemeral, and mostly used only one-time. While in EIP-5630 settings, the public key of message recipient shall be stable for a while so that message senders can encrypt messages without key discovery every time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A critical difference of this [EIP-6051](./eip-6051.md) with [EIP-5630](./eip-5630.md) is that, as the purpose of key encapsulation is to transport a private key securely, the public key from the key-recipient should be ephemeral, and mostly used only one-time. While in EIP-5630 settings, the public key of the message recipient shall be stable for a while so that message senders can encrypt messages without key discovery every time.
```

> There is security implication to this difference, including perfect forward secrecy. We aim to achieve perfect forward secrecy by generating ephemeral key pairs in both sides every time: 1) first the recipient shall generate an ephemeral key pair, retain the private key securely, and export the public key; 2) then the key sender securely wrap the private key in ECIES, with another ephemeral key pair, then destroy the ephemeral key securely; 3) finally the recipient can unwrap the private key, then destroy its ephemeral key pair securely. After these steps, the cipher text in transport intercepted by a malicious 3rd party, is no longer decrypt-able.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is security implication to this difference, including perfect forward secrecy. We aim to achieve perfect forward secrecy by generating ephemeral key pairs in both sides every time: 

1) first the recipient shall generate an ephemeral key pair, retain the private key securely, and export the public key;
2) then the key sender securely wrap the private key in ECIES, with another ephemeral key pair, then destroy the ephemeral key securely;
3) finally the recipient can unwrap the private key, then destroy its ephemeral key pair securely. After these steps, the cipher text in transport intercepted by a malicious 3rd party, is no longer decrypt-able.
```

	method: 'eth_encapsulatePrivateKey',
	params: [
		version: 'secp256k1-AES-128-GCM',
		recipient: '0x039ef98feddb39664450c3876878093c70652caba7e3fd04333c0558ffdf798d09536da06b8d9207040ada179dc2c38f701a1a21c9ab5a7d52f5da50ea438e8ccf47dac77547fbdde194f71db52860b9e10ca2b089646f133d172124504ac1996a',
		signerPubKey: '0x035a5ca16997f9b9ead9572c9bde36c5dab584b17bc965cdd7c2945c776e981b0b5bd427c527b7f1012b8edfd179b9002a7f2d7fc326bb6ae9aaf38b44eb93c397631fd8bb05fd78fa16ecca1eb19652b200f9048611265bc81f485cf60f29d6de',
		oob: '0x313233343536',
		salt: '0x6569703a2070726976617465206b657920656e63617073756c6174696f6e',
		account: '0x001d3f1ef827552ae1114027bd3ecf1f086ba0f9'
	],
})
```
The Sender implementation first verifies first layer signature as ECDSA over secp256k1:
```
// actual message to be signed should be the decoded byte array
msg: '0x039ef98feddb39664450c3876878093c70652caba7e3fd04333c0558ffdf798d09',
sig: '0x536da06b8d9207040ada179dc2c38f701a1a21c9ab5a7d52f5da50ea438e8ccf47dac77547fbdde194f71db52860b9e10ca2b089646f133d172124504ac1996aaf4a811661741a43587dd458858b75c582ca7db82fa77b',
//signerPubKey
pub: '0x035a5ca16997f9b9ead9572c9bde36c5dab584b17bc965cdd7c2945c776e981b0b'
```

> Then it proceeds to verify second layer signature, also as ECDSA over secp256k1:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then it proceeds to verify the second layer signature, also as ECDSA over secp256k1:
```

**Perfect Forward Secrecy**: PFS is achieved by using ephemeral key pairs in both sides.

**Optional Signature and Trusted Public Keys**

`R` could be signed so that Sender application can verify if `R` could be trusted or not. This involves both signature verification and if the signer could be trusted or not. While signature verification is quite straightforward in itself, the latter should be managed with care. To facilitate this trust management issue, `signerPubKey` could be further signed, creating a dual-layer trust structure:

```
R <-- signerPubKey <-- trustedPubKey
```

This allows various strategies to mange the trust. For example:

-   A hardware wallet vendor which takes it very serious about the brand reputation and the fund safety for its customers, could choose to trust only its own public keys, all instances of `trustedPubKey`. These public keys only sign `signerPubKey` from selected partners.
-   A MPC service could publish its `signerPubKey` online so that Sender application won't verify the signature against a wrong or fake public key.

Note that it is advised that a separate key pair should be used for signing on each curve.

**Security Level**:

> 1. We are not considering post-quantum security. If quantum computer becomes a materialized threat, the underlying cipher of Ethereum and other L1 chains would have been replaced, and this EIP will be outdated then (as the EC part of ECIES is also broken).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We are not considering post-quantum security. If the quantum computer becomes a materialized threat, the underlying cipher of Ethereum and other L1 chains would have been replaced, and this EIP will be outdated then (as the EC part of ECIES is also broken).
```

Reviewer: I think this is generally omittable because the whole Ethereum rely on ECDSA / secp256k1, if ECDSA is no longer safe due to quantum security, there are much bigger threat than the encapsulation described here.

Author: I'd like to retain this part as part of the justifications for the current design.

---
eip: 6051
title: Private Key Encapsulation
description: defines a specification for encapsulating private keys.
author: Base Labs (@Base-Labs), Weiji Guo (@weiji-cryptonatty)
discussions-to: https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/private-key-encapsulation-to-move-around-securely-without-entering-seed/11604
status: Draft
type: Standards Track

> category: ERC

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
category: Interface
```
This should be an Interface EIP, since it adds RPC endpoints.

7.  Let `cipher  := authenticated_encryption(symAlg,  skey,  IV, data=sk)`. The symmetric cipher algorithm `symAlg` and authentication scheme are decided by the version parameter. No additional authentication data `aad` is used.

A much-simplified example flow without signature and verification is:

1.  *Recipient Application* generates  `(r, R)`.
2.  User inputs  `R`  to *Sender Application*, along with a six-digit code “123456” as  `oob`.
3.  *Sender Application* generates  `(s, S)`, and computes  `cipher`, then returns `S || cipher`.
4.  *Recipient Application* scans to read  `S`  and  `cipher`. The user enters “123456” as  `oob`  to *Recipient Application*.
5.  *Recipient Application* decrypts  `cipher`  to get  `sk`.
6.  *Recipient Application* derives the address corresponding to  `sk`  so that the user can confirm the correctness.

> With signature and verification, the signature to `R` by `singerPubKey` is appended to `R`. `signerPubKey` itself could have been already signed by `trustedPubKey`, and that signature is appended to `signerPubKey`. Note that the signature is applied to the byte array data instead of its string representation, which might lead to confusion and interoperability issues (such as hex or base64, lower case v.s. upper case, etc.). See **Requests** and **Test Cases** for further clarification and examples.

Reviewer 2: Why not link to them?
```suggestion
With signature and verification, the signature to `R` by `singerPubKey` is appended to `R`. `signerPubKey` itself could have been already signed by `trustedPubKey`, and that signature is appended to `signerPubKey`. Note that the signature is applied to the byte array data instead of its string representation, which might lead to confusion and interoperability issues (such as hex or base64, lower case v.s. upper case, etc.). See [Requests](#requests) and [Test Cases](#test-cases) for further clarification and examples.
```

S = '0xd2fd6fcaac231d08363e736e61edb7e7696b13a727e3d2a239415cb8dc6ee278'
```
The shared secret, symmetric key, and IV should be:
```
ss: '0xe0b36f56cdb63c27e933a5a67a5e97db4b566c9276a36aeee5dc6e87da118867',
skey: '0x7c6fa749e6df13c8578dc44cb24cdf46a44cb163e1e570c2e590c720aed5783f',
IV: '0x3c98ef6fc34b0d6e7e16bd78'
```
Then the return value should be `S || cipher`:
```
'0xd2fd6fcaac231d08363e736e61edb7e7696b13a727e3d2a239415cb8dc6ee2786a7e2e40efb86dc68f44f3e032bbedb1259fa820e548ac5adbf191784c568d4f642ca5b60c0b2142189dff6ee464b95c'
```

Then **R3** is provided as:
```javascript
request({
	method: 'eth_intakePrivateKey',
	params: [
		version: 'Curve25519-Chacha20-Poly1305',
		recipientPublicKey: '0xc0ea3514b0ab83b2fe4f4ef96159cda8fa836ce549ef09569b901eef0723bf79',
		oob: '0x313233343536',
		salt: '0x6569703a2070726976617465206b657920656e63617073756c6174696f6e',
		data: '0xd2fd6fcaac231d08363e736e61edb7e7696b13a727e3d2a239415cb8dc6ee2786a7e2e40efb86dc68f44f3e032bbedb1259fa820e548ac5adbf191784c568d4f642ca5b60c0b2142189dff6ee464b95c'
	],
})
```
The return value should be `0x001d3f1ef827552ae1114027bd3ecf1f086ba0f9`. This matches the `account` parameter in **R2**.

> 
> ## Reference Implementation
> 
> Contributions are welcome.
> 
> The test vector generator is provided earlier in the **Test Cases** section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This is not a reference implementation

## Security Considerations

> **Perfect Forward Secrecy**: PFS is achieved by using ephemeral key pairs on both sides.

Reviewer 2: Please use headings to indicate headings, not bold text.
